I'm not bragging.
I've always been serious
And you said you weren't bragging.
Why do you want me to talk?
Qualifications for Wanchen
Do you think I haven't been laughed at enough?
Aqiu
As long as you are willing to work hard
There will always be a chance
But if you don't even have the courage to fight
Then there's really no chance at all
Trust me.
No matter what you want to do
I will definitely help you make it happen.
free
I'll teach you to inquire about individuals
There is a pharmacy in Gyeonggung, so they just leave the house.
His boss is called Zhang Lin
And you know what?
He just asked for favors
Let me reserve a place for him to stay in Wancheng
Hmm this
Ah!
Merchants come to you nothing more than to help you draw a lottery.
When you invite investment
I want you to meet someone in person
His name is Su Shiman
You told me clearly that I hate nobles
But I took all the gifts
Have 2 million cash
There are also several valuable Chinese herbal medicines
How to collect the messy ball and how to withdraw with me
Yes